# An-Attention-based-Spatiotemporal-LSTM-Network-for-Next-POI-Recommendation
Next POI (Point-of-Interest) recommendation, also known as a natural extension of general POI recommendation, is recently proposed to predict user’s next destination and has attracted considerable research interest. It focuses on learning users’ sequential patterns of check-in behavior and training personalized recommendation models using different types of contextual information. Unfortunately, most of the previous studies failed to incorporate the spatiotemporal contextual information, which plays a critical role in analyzing user check-in behavior, into next POI recommendation. In recent years, embedding learning and RNN (Recurrent Neural Network) based approaches show promising performance for modeling sequential patterns of check-in behavior in next POI recommendation. However, not all of the historical check-in records contribute equally to the next-step check-in behavior. To provide better next POI recommendation performance, we first propose a spatiotemporal long and short-term memory (ST-LSTM) network. By feeding the spatiotemporal contextual information into the LSTM network in each step, ST-LSTM can model the spatial and temporal information better. Also, we develop an attention-based spatiotemporal LSTM (ATST-LSTM) network for next POI recommendation. By using the attention mechanism, ATST-LSTM can focus on the related historical check-ins in a check-in sequence selectively using the spatiotemporal contextual information. Besides, we conduct a comprehensive performance evaluation using large-scale real-world datasets collected from two popular location-based social networks, namely Gowalla and Brightkite. Experimental results indicate that the proposed ATST-LSTM outperform the other state-of-the-art next POI recommendation approaches regarding commonly used evaluation metrics.
